My principles 1 Base all choices on the potential to
enhance personal capabilities 2 Treat attention as the most precious
asset Direct it toward personal growth and genuine connections 3
Operate within one's competence zone avoid tasks beyond boundaries 4
Prioritize growth over fleeting gains Emphasize values not just valuations
and maintain patience 5 Cling tenaciously to fundamentals 6 View
challenges through the lens of long-term engaging in enduring valuable
pursuits 7 Rely on accumulation for all endeavors 8 Consistently
and sustainably invest in the long term whether in reading
fitness family helping friends or investments